[FEATURE] Move Temperature from vertices to cell centers (#462)
PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl: docs/src/man/contributing.md

# Contributing

[JustRelax.jl](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl) is an open-source project and we are very happy to accept contributions

> from the community. Please feel free to open [Issues](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/issues/new) (issue templeates in [here](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/tree/adm/JOSS/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE)) or submit [Pull Requests](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/pulls) (PR templeate in [here](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/blob/adm/JOSS/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)) to the `main` branch with your contribution. For planned large contributions, it is often

Reviewer: This should be main as the paper branch has been merged and the PR template is available
```suggestion
from the community. Please feel free to open [Issues](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/issues/new) (issue templeates in [here](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE)) or submit [Pull Requests](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/pulls) (PR template in [here](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)) to the `main` branch with your contribution. For planned large contributions, it is often
```

> from the community. Please feel free to open [Issues](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/issues/new) (issue templeates in [here](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/tree/adm/JOSS/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE)) or submit [Pull Requests](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/pulls) (PR templeate in [here](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/blob/adm/JOSS/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)) to the `main` branch with your contribution. For planned large contributions, it is often

Reviewer: The links are still not fully correct here/
```suggestion
from the community. Please feel free to open [Issues](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/issues/new) (issue templates in [here](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE)) or submit [Pull Requests](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/pulls) (PR templeate in [here](https://github.com/PTsolvers/JustRelax.jl/blob/main.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)) to the `main` branch with your contribution. For planned large contributions, it is often
```
